README.md, before:

# Flexa Scripting Language

Welcome to the official documentation of the **Flexa Scripting Language**! Flexa is a toy scripting language developed for fun.

## Features

- **Simple Syntax**: Flexa's syntax is clean and easy to learn.
- **Strong Typing**: Flexa supports static typing when defined, ensuring safer and more predictable code.
- **Standard Library**: Flexa comes with a comprehensive set of built-in libraries for common tasks like file handling, networking, and data manipulation.
- **Cross-Platform**: Write once, run anywhere. Flexa programs can be executed on multiple platforms without modification.
- **Extensible**: Flexa allows you to create and use custom libraries, making it highly adaptable to your needs.

## Getting Started

1. **Install Flexa**: Download and install the Flexa interpretor from the [official repository](https://github.com/flexa-script/interpreter).
2. **Write Your First Program**: Create a `.flx` file and start coding! Here's a simple example:

    ```flexa
    println("Hello, Flexa!");
    ```

3. **Run Your Program**: Use the Flexa interpretor to execute your code:

    ```bash
    flexa hello_world.flx
    ```

4. **Explore the Documentation**: Dive deeper into Flexa by reading the [official documentation](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/).

## Documentation

The Flexa documentation is organized into sections, starting from the basics and progressing to advanced topics. Here's what you'll find:

1. [Introduction](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/introduction): Learn about Flexa's design philosophy and core concepts.
2. [Basic Syntax](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/basic-syntax): Understand the fundamental syntax and structure of Flexa programs.
3. [Data Types](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/data-types): Explore the types of data you can work with in Flexa.
4. [Variables and Constants](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/variables-and-constants): Learn how to declare and use variables and constants.
5. [Control Structures](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/control-structures): Master conditionals, loops, and flow control.
6. [Functions](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/functions): Discover how to define and use functions in Flexa.
7. [Data Structures](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/data-structures): Work with arrays, structs, and other data structures.
8. [Error Handling](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/error-handling): Handle errors and exceptions gracefully.
9. [Built-in Libraries](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/built-in-libraries): Explore the powerful libraries included with Flexa.
10. [Built-in Functions](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/built-in-functions): Learn about the essential functions provided by Flexa.
11. [Advanced Examples](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/advanced-examples): See real-world examples of Flexa in action.
12. [Language Reference](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/language-reference): Get a complete reference of Flexa's syntax and features.
13. [FAQ and Common Issues](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/faq-and-common-issues): Find answers to frequently asked questions.
14. [Contributing](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/contributing): Learn how to contribute to the Flexa project.

Start your journey with Flexa by reading the [Introduction](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/introduction).

## Contributing

Flexa is an open-source project, and we welcome contributions from the community. Whether you want to report a bug, suggest a feature, or submit code, your help is appreciated. Check out the [Contributing Guide](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/contributing) to learn how to get involved.

## License

Flexa is licensed under the [MIT License](https://mit-license.org/). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Happy coding with Flexa! 🚀

Commit message:

Add operators reference and update docs navigation
Introduces a new 'Operators' documentation page and updates navigation links across multiple files to reference it. Removes the obsolete 'Language Reference' page, clarifies examples and notes in syntax, data types, error handling, and functions documentation, and improves array and struct usage explanations. This enhances clarity and organization of the Flexa documentation.

README.md, after:

# Flexa Scripting Language

Welcome to the official documentation of the **Flexa Scripting Language**! Flexa is a toy scripting language developed for fun.

## Features

- **Simple Syntax**: Flexa's syntax is clean and easy to learn.
- **Strong Typing**: Flexa supports static typing when defined, ensuring safer and more predictable code.
- **Standard Library**: Flexa comes with a comprehensive set of built-in libraries for common tasks like file handling, networking, and data manipulation.
- **Cross-Platform**: Write once, run anywhere. Flexa programs can be executed on multiple platforms without modification.
- **Extensible**: Flexa allows you to create and use custom libraries, making it highly adaptable to your needs.

## Getting Started

1. **Install Flexa**: Download and install the Flexa interpretor from the [official repository](https://github.com/flexa-script/interpreter).
2. **Write Your First Program**: Create a `.flx` file and start coding! Here's a simple example:

    ```flexa
    println("Hello, Flexa!");
    ```

3. **Run Your Program**: Use the Flexa interpretor to execute your code:

    ```bash
    flexa hello_world.flx
    ```

4. **Explore the Documentation**: Dive deeper into Flexa by reading the [official documentation](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/).

## Documentation

The Flexa documentation is organized into sections, starting from the basics and progressing to advanced topics. Here's what you'll find:

1. [Introduction](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/introduction): Learn about Flexa's design philosophy and core concepts.
2. [Basic Syntax](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/basic-syntax): Understand the fundamental syntax and structure of Flexa programs.
3. [Operators](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/operators): Perform calculations, comparisons, and logical operations.
3. [Data Types](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/data-types): Explore the types of data you can work with in Flexa.
4. [Variables and Constants](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/variables-and-constants): Learn how to declare and use variables and constants.
5. [Control Structures](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/control-structures): Master conditionals, loops, and flow control.
6. [Functions](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/functions): Discover how to define and use functions in Flexa.
7. [Data Structures](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/data-structures): Work with arrays, structs, and other data structures.
8. [Error Handling](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/error-handling): Handle errors and exceptions gracefully.
9. [Built-in Libraries](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/built-in-libraries): Explore the powerful libraries included with Flexa.
10. [Built-in Functions](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/built-in-functions): Learn about the essential functions provided by Flexa.
11. [Advanced Examples](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/advanced-examples): See real-world examples of Flexa in action.
12. [FAQ and Common Issues](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/faq-and-common-issues): Find answers to frequently asked questions.
13. [Contributing](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/contributing): Learn how to contribute to the Flexa project.

Start your journey with Flexa by reading the [Introduction](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/introduction).

## Contributing

Flexa is an open-source project, and we welcome contributions from the community. Whether you want to report a bug, suggest a feature, or submit code, your help is appreciated. Check out the [Contributing Guide](https://flexa-script.github.io/docs/contributing) to learn how to get involved.

## License

Flexa is licensed under the [MIT License](https://mit-license.org/). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Happy coding with Flexa! 🚀
